docs: rearrange docs structure and prepare for future outline (#2051)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/build-with-ens/ensv2-readiness.mdx

---
title: ENSv2 Readiness

> description: How building with ENSNode today prepares your application for ENSv2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How building with ENSNode today prepares your application for ENSv2, even before ENSv2 launches.
```

---

:::caution[Coming Soon]
We're actively working on this page right now. Check back next week for full content!
:::

> This page will describe ENSNode's ENSv2 readiness story — how building with ENSNode today prepares your application for ENSv2 with zero migration effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will describe ENSNode's ENSv2 readiness story — how building with ENSNode today prepares your application for ENSv2, even before ENSv2 launches. Ensure that the moment ENSv2 launches, everything in your app continues working seamlessly with zero interruptions!
```
